# ProtoSchool Community Call 2020-05-07

-   **Video Recording:** https://youtu.be/ohJRA-yKgOs
-   **Moderator:** @terichadbourne
-   **Notetaker:** @zebateira
-   **Attendees:**

    -   _@terichadbourne_
    -   _@zebateira_

**Agenda**

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

-   Team Updates and Demos


**Updates**

Weekly updates are structured around our top-level goals as shared in our [project roadmap](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#protoschool-roadmap). Please add updates on your work in the relevant section below.

-   [**Content Development**: The ProtoSchool website includes an increasing range of tutorial content from across multiple projects.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#content-development)

    -   (@zebateira, @terichadbourne, @alanshaw & @achingbrain) \[Completed] Updates to “Mutable File System” and “Regular Files API” tutorials to take into account the new major release from js-ipfs@0.41 which includes Async Iterables support.

        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/381>

    -   @terichadbourne is working on outlines for 3 upcoming ProtoSchool tutorials on Filecoin. Please feel free to add your questions and content suggestions for these topics to the open issues:

        -   How verified storage works in Filecoin

            -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues/414>

        -   CAR Files (IPLD/Filecoin)

            -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues/412>

        -   How Filecoin enhances IPFS

            -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues/413>

    -   The team at Fleek plans to build a ProtoSchool tutorial on web hosting on IPFS

        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues/428>

-   [**Learner Experience**: The ProtoSchool website’s structure and design support a positive learning experience.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#learner-experience)

    -   (@zebateira) \[Completed] Content update messages added to warn users of updated tutorials and new tutorials.

        -   ![](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/MgwI4m5H4XeFRJJ7jXoCl4O2Xb8DJdsnlSm-bLKz46xNHJstOgEXupZuAjN0jAruCOG8NKGgzVGj_mD9NQFuyvYRgklWvL7dagPfa5Iehxdq5uD4dbRPdkIFcgFzAFzrY3w_waQr)
        -   ![](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/R-eU3AYeEkArACiJcD8CC_trWq_4ejRaFuXRQXoiZmUIIZChoBD0idnZL-6N2Zvw3DmTGfEM3E-3PHojIOpSTlbT1A8sNvnVOa-VEpwO2Dv8sePzLTt6-sXLfD_z_HJEQGMz1EHk)
        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/408>

    -   (@terichadbourne & @zebateira) \[Completed] Caching of “Show coding tutorials” toggle. Users will have their option for toggling off and on the coding tutorials cached so they can come back to the Tutorials page and see the list of tutorials they previously saw. Also the link

        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/418>

    -   (@zebateira) \[Completed] New Newsletter Subscription form added to the website. Can be found in the last Resources page of a tutorial or in the new[News Page](https://proto.school/#/news).

        -   ![](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/S-Bvb0AFmN7wDrn1bTlyObBcX59sLtHTqDB2S3ajYNkM8y6apxKVvXnbCwaul1oAgLIc6No3Bv5t1OqLvySxwPCwrsz-xpaW6fwsqO-cBwiG-fWQ4xmzMNACK9Qcqj3F-59nzaUM)
        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/429>

    -   (@zebateira) \[Coming Soon] Tutorial Feedback Survey: this survey will help us get more feedback from users and enable us improve our content further.

        -   ![](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/ExOspVJZSS7avfdgWdlNtJvCk7DLlSM-TN76XJuy2I8vwhW26t1bYyDuMR_gWsIcN2EzsktCFPnQWstNhrx-BeCgfqbaiq4UNt-6yIiUr4aR1Ej2XlLEcfvbUrWgL_lCGclUS1ax)
        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/437>

    -   **Bug fixes and Improvements**

        -   (@terichadbourne) Added support for future filecoin tutorials:<https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/417>
        -   (@terichadbourne) Others

            -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/425>
            -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/427>

        -   ([@nikochiko](https://github.com/nikochiko)) \[Completed] Content fix:<https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/416>

-   [**Community Growth**: Chapter leaders are enabled to foster local learning communities around the globe.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#community-growth)

    -   (@terichadbourne) \[Completed] Virtual Events are now supported in our [events list](https://proto.school/#/events). You can select a virtual event when completing the [workshop submission form](https://forms.gle/t1iEzpQAFSYHhpBr9).

        -   ![](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/kqnGtpzUs0oEj0Pb7D7iLHIpW1FS2zSW62522FCr7eSh7we7lYEWErpxbnWnxI4aL64AEvNMTkPu3R_XUS6Zk4E6ASvf8Ms4QFepEEyVK9W5-XYOaeSy6eP8CXOrDX9IMB23JK0D)
        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/415>

    -   Are you experimenting with hosting virtual events in your local community? Please share what’s working in our [discussion thread](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/organizing/issues/86) in the organizing repo.
    -   (@terichadbourne) \[Completed] Removed chapters page and redirected to events per our new local leadership model. All former chapter repos will be archived or transferred this week as requested by local leaders.

-   [**Project Management**: Internal structures position ProtoSchool for future growth.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#project-management)

    -   (@username) \[Completed / In Progress / Coming Soon] Your update here

-   **Other Updates**

    -   **
        **




**Discussion Highlights**

_Discussion highlights and additional notes._

-   _
    _




**Action Items / Help Wanted**

_Announce issues that need help, get people to help_

-   {?}
