# ProtoSchool Weekly Call 2019-07-18

-   **Video Recording:** https://youtu.be/RYT678Jan_A
-   **Moderator:** @terichadbourne
-   **Notetaker:** @terichadbourne
-   **Attendees:**

    -   @terichadbourne
    -   @fsdiogo
    -   @kk3wong

**Agenda**

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

-   Start with Team Updates and Demos
-   **_{ add your items below}_**
-   (&lt;your_name>, topic)

**Updates**

Weekly updates are structured around our top-level goals as shared in our [project roadmap](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#protoschool-roadmap). Please add updates on your work in the relevant section below.

-   [**Content Development**: The ProtoSchool website includes an increasing range of tutorial content from across multiple projects.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#content-development)

    -   Your update here

-   [**Learner Experience**: The ProtoSchool website’s structure and design support a positive learning experience.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#learner-experience)

    -   @terichadbourne & @fsdiogo shipped new resources pages for all existing tutorials, linking out to other relevant learning materials
    -   @terichadbourne has been working on adding links from IPFS and IPLD docs/sites to ProtoSchool - see the ongoing issue at <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues/260>
    -   @fsdiogo is refactoring under the hood into smaller components to make the site more flexible, which will help us to add new lesson formats (like multiple choice, which we’re working on now) and content (LibP2P, etc.)

-   [**Community Growth**: Chapter leaders are enabled to foster local learning communities around the globe.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#community-growth)

    -   We have a new chapter request from Tokyo!

-   [**Project Management**: Internal structures position ProtoSchool for future growth.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#project-management)

    -   @terichadbourne & @olizilla migrated our site analytics to Countly, which allows us to distinguish between “page” views in our Vue SPA
    -   Upcoming: Further analytics improvements including event tracking and domain migration

-   **Other Updates**

    -   Your update here


**Discussion Highlights**

_Discussion highlights and additional notes._

-   @kk3wong enjoyed IPFS Camp and received feedback from other attendees from China that they enjoyed the interactivity and hands-on nature of the learning formats there.
-   @kk3wong also appreciated a recent China visit by members of the Filecoin team who also called out IPFS and ProtoSchool. He feels there’s more awareness lately that IPFS is a developer tool as opposed to just being related (through Filecoin) to crypto/blockchain.


**Action Items / Help Wanted**

_Announce issues that need help, get people to help_

-   {?}
