# ProtoSchool Weekly Call 2019-09-05

-   **Video Recording:** n/a
-   **Moderator:** @terichadbourne
-   **Notetaker:** @terichadbourne
-   **Attendees:**
    -   @terichadbourne
    -   _@nukemandan_

**Agenda**

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

-   Start with Team Updates and Demos
-   Discuss request for presentation materials for ProtoSchool workshops



**Updates**

Weekly updates are structured around our top-level goals as shared in our[project roadmap](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#protoschool-roadmap). Please add updates on your work in the relevant section below.

-   [**Content Development**: The ProtoSchool website includes an increasing range of tutorial content from across multiple projects.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#content-development)

    -   (@username) \[Completed / In Progress / Coming Soon] Your update here

-   [**Learner Experience**: The ProtoSchool website’s structure and design support a positive learning experience.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#learner-experience)

    -   @fsdiogo did some important future-proofing so that we’ll be able to change the name of a tutorial while still retaining the history of the user’s progress through its lessons

        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/292>

-   [**Community Growth**: Chapter leaders are enabled to foster local learning communities around the globe.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#community-growth)

    -   (@username) \[Completed / In Progress / Coming Soon] Your update here

-   [**Project Management**: Internal structures position ProtoSchool for future growth.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#project-management)

    -   (@username) \[Completed / In Progress / Coming Soon] Your update here

-   **Other Updates**

    -   (@username) \[Completed / In Progress / Coming Soon] Your update here


**Discussion Highlights**

_Discussion highlights and additional notes._

-   Fewer updates than usual this week because @terichadbourne has been on vacation and @fsdiogo has transitioned to a new project. We’re so appreciative of all the amazing work @fsdiogo has put into improving our UX!
-   @nukemandan & @terichadbourne spent most of this week’s call discussing the request for more materials to be used when leading ProtoSchool workshops in person, both for chapter leaders and those who’d like to run a workshop one-off at a conference. (Please see this [issue comment](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/organizing/issues/58#issuecomment-529002668) in the ProtoSchool organizing repo for a summary of our discussion.) Requested materials include:

    -   A nice slides template to use when leading protoschool meetups
    -   A template "what is IPFS" deck with images/diagrams and speaker notes
    -   A template "what is libp2p" deck with images/diagrams and speaker notes
    -   Facilitator guides (with presentations, images, and exercises) to augment some of the workshops (ex - demonstrating examples in [http://cid.ipfs.io](http://cid.ipfs.io/) and [http://dag.ipfs.io](http://dag.ipfs.io/) as part of facilitating <https://proto.school/#/data-structures>)
    -   Facilitation best practices for teaching ProtoSchool tutorials as live workshops


**Action Items / Help Wanted**

_Announce issues that need help, get people to help_

-   {?}
