# ProtoSchool Community Call 2019-12-05

-   **Video Recording: **https://youtu.be/8-HY8mMUISE
-   **Moderator:** _@terichadbourne_
-   **Notetaker:** _@terichadbourne_
-   **Attendees:**
    -   _@terichadbourne_
    -   _@dominguesgm_
    -   _@onion797jp_

**Agenda**

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

-   Start with Team Updates and Demos
-   **_{ add your items below}_**
-   (&lt;your_name>, topic)




**Updates**

Weekly updates are structured around our top-level goals as shared in our [project roadmap](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#protoschool-roadmap). Please add updates on your work in the relevant section below.

-   [**Content Development**: The ProtoSchool website includes an increasing range of tutorial content from across multiple projects.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#content-development)

    -   @terichadbourne updated resources pages across multiple lessons to include Core Course A from IPFS Camp

        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/322>

    -   @terichadbourne & @dominguesgm are continuing to evaluate IPFS Camp content and create a plan for its integration into the ProtoSchool curriculum, through new tutorials/features or improvements to existing lessons

        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues/261>

-   [**Learner Experience**: The ProtoSchool websiteâ€™s structure and design support a positive learning experience.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#learner-experience)

    -   @terichadbourne incorporated the CID Inspector into all lessons where the result of a coding challenge is a CID

        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/321>
        -   <https://cid.ipfs.io/>

    -   @dominguesgm fixed a bug discovered by @nukemandan that was causing code submission to hang when a user tried to access a CID not available in IPFS

        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/314>

    -   @terichadbourne created a new issue template for reporting validation errors, which will be used in conjunction with an upcoming change to how we handle errors under the hood

        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/324>

    -   @jonboiser found and fixed a bug that was preventing MFS Lesson 11 from displaying (itâ€™s his first contribution ðŸŽ‰)

        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/325>

    -   @dominguesgm is nearly done with an audit of online coding education platforms to determine whether thereâ€™s a fully-featured platform that could replace our current Vue setup

        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues/264>

    -   @achingbrain & @dominguesgm are almost done with an under-the-hood refactor to error handling that will allow us to provide clearer feedback to learners

        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/301>





-   [**Community Growth**: Chapter leaders are enabled to foster local learning communities around the globe.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#community-growth)

    -   @terichadbourne added a section to our Resources page for chapter leaders with details on where to find presentation materials that can be used to supplement traditional ProtoSchool workshop content, such as slide decks introducing IPFS.

        -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/organizing/blob/master/RESOURCES.md#presentations-on-dweb-concepts-and-protocols>

    -   @momack2 added a section on IPFS Event Materials to the IPFS Community repo to support this effort

        -   <https://github.com/ipfs/community#ipfs-event-materials>

    -   @terichadbourne is chatting with the libp2p team to see if we can get similar resources made available for their project
    -   We have new chapter requests in progress from Lagos, Seoul, and Korea more broadly

-   [**Project Management**: Internal structures position ProtoSchool for future growth.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#project-management)

    -


-   **Other Updates**

    -





**Discussion Highlights**

_Discussion highlights and additional notes._

-   _
    _




**Action Items / Help Wanted**

_Announce issues that need help, get people to help_

-   Weâ€™re seeking volunteers to write up a document on facilitation best practices for teaching ProtoSchool tutorials as live workshops, based on the great IPFS Camp presentation by @nukemandan @kk3wong @stefanhans.

    -   <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/organizing/issues/58>
