# ProtoSchool Weekly Call 2019-07-25

-   **Video Recording:** n/a
-   **Moderator:** @terichadbourne
-   **Notetaker:** TBD
-   **Attendees:**
    -   @terichadbourne
    -   @fsdiogo

**Agenda**

_General discussions, decisions, etc._-   Start with Team Updates and Demos
-   **_{ add your items below}_**
-   (&lt;your_name>, topic)


**Updates**

Weekly updates are structured around our top-level goals as shared in our [project roadmap](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#protoschool-roadmap). Please add updates on your work in the relevant section below.

-   [**Content Development**: The ProtoSchool website includes an increasing range of tutorial content from across multiple projects.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#content-development)
    -   Your update here

-   [**Learner Experience**: The ProtoSchool website’s structure and design support a positive learning experience.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#learner-experience)

    -   Continuing to add links from IPFS and IPLD docs/sites to ProtoSchool - see the ongoing issue at <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues/260>
    -   Merged PR linking from js.ipfs.io: <https://github.com/ipfs/js.ipfs.io/pull/264>
    -   Open PR linking from ipfs.io: <https://github.com/ipfs/website/pull/318>
    -   @fsdiogo is refactoring under the hood into smaller components to make the site more flexible, which will help us to add new lesson formats (like multiple choice, which we’re working on now) and content (LibP2P, etc.)

-   [**Community Growth**: Chapter leaders are enabled to foster local learning communities around the globe.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#community-growth)

    -   Your update here

-   [**Project Management**: Internal structures position ProtoSchool for future growth.](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap#project-management)

    -   In process of migrating Countly domain for analytics to avoid cross-site tracking

-   **Other Updates**

    -   Your update here

**Discussion Highlights**

_Discussion highlights and additional notes._
-   As we didn’t have other attendees to update this week, @terichadbourne & @fsdiogo spent some time working together on the component refactor.


**Action Items / Help Wanted**

_Announce issues that need help, get people to help_-   {?}
